
Reviewed: 05/01/2024  Last Reviewed:05/01/2024

Given an integer array `nums` and an integer `val`, remove all occurrences of `val` in `nums` [**in-place**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm). The order of the elements may be changed. Then return _the number of elements in_ `nums` _which are not equal to_ `val`.

Consider the number of elements in `nums` which are not equal to `val` be `k`, to get accepted, you need to do the following things:

- Change the array `nums` such that the first `k` elements of `nums` contain the elements which are not equal to `val`. The remaining elements of `nums` are not important as well as the size of `nums`.
- Return `k`.

**Custom Judge:**

The judge will test your solution with the following code:

int[] nums = [...]; // Input array
int val = ...; // Value to remove
int[] expectedNums = [...]; // The expected answer with correct length.
                            // It is sorted with no values equaling val.

int k = removeElement(nums, val); // Calls your implementation

assert k == expectedNums.length;
sort(nums, 0, k); // Sort the first k elements of nums
for (int i = 0; i < actualLength; i++) {
    assert nums[i] == expectedNums[i];
}

If all assertions pass, then your solution will be **accepted**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [3,2,2,3], val = 3
**Output:** 2, nums = [2,2,_,_]
**Explanation:** Your function should return k = 2, with the first two elements of nums being 2.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [0,1,2,2,3,0,4,2], val = 2
**Output:** 5, nums = [0,1,4,0,3,_,_,_]
**Explanation:** Your function should return k = 5, with the first five elements of nums containing 0, 0, 1, 3, and 4.
Note that the five elements can be returned in any order.
It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).

**Constraints:**

- `0 <= nums.length <= 100`
- `0 <= nums[i] <= 50`
- `0 <= val <= 100`

Mistakes: 
==Unsure how to Utilize Map in Python==
==Does not need map! Two Pointer **Sorted**==
==read carefully no extra memory==


05/01/2024
Had a way to solve, but was wrong to use remove can just replace
Confused on how two pointers would work
Read carefully any duplicates leftover from the array is not factored only the replaced amounts 

Mistakes: 
==Does not need map! Two Pointer **Sorted**==
==Did not need to remove elements==
==Distracted too much== 




Solution: Not solved by me used neetcode
Come back to this 











Tags: #easy #array #python #Two-Pointers #Video #Unsolved  #in-place #Neetcode150 